# MA1800-Project1
.Link:https://github.com/Lilasmk/MA1800-Project1.git
For my project my main inspiration was flowers, as flowers embed so much beauty and meaning to them, I decided to bring it out through this interactive web-art. Inspired by my culture and where I came from, I picked to bae it of common middle eastern flowers and reveal their charm and the history behind it culture. The structure of my web art in a non-liner, abstract, you don’t know what each button will lead you to, neither what you will be discovering in the web page itself. The way I developed it is through diverse research about each flower and collected multiple images for each one, where I brought them together and made a collage, that enhanced the style of the flower and emerged the images to create an aesthetic unique to it.
I personally didn’t struggle that much will making the pages and CSS style, specifically with all the explanations and examples we have done in lesson. However, I faced one issue that took me long to understand, it’s how margin work and how to move the box and writing around, because I had to keep trying different numbers till, I reached the position I was looking for.
When it came to inspirational web-art, I was motivated by the cloud radical-openness and Petra Cortright.  For the cloud one, I really enjoyed the multiple choice and the different structure you can get when clicking different ones, furthermore in Petra’s one , I loved and was really inspired by the chaotic look to it , with all of the random links and very bring and colour full images.
Lastly , if I had more time , I would’ve made up to 10 different flowers , with each one being linked to another in a hidden way , where you would have to click on a bunch of places to find the next button or even have like a hyper link to the head .Additionally, I would’ve done a better job in the collage and my photoshop work to make the flower pop better , and included animation to make it as interesting and playful as possible.